## How to contribute to Monero Sekura

The project needs great designers, developers, and testers like you to succeed.

If you haven't already, come find us in IRC (#monero-hardware or #monero on freenode).

Resources to understand and help navigate the project include:

  * [Our Taiga project site](https://taiga.getmonero.org/project/michael-rfc-hwallet-1-implementation/) coordinates efforts
  * [Our Taiga bug tracking system](https://taiga.getmonero.org/project/michael-rfc-hwallet-1-implementation/issues/) contains reports
  * [Our #monero-hardware IRC channel](irc://chat.freenode.net/monero-hardware/) helps consolidate real time communication

## Submitting improvements and corrections

Please send a [GitHub Pull Request to Sekura](https://github.com/monero-project/sekura/pull/new/master/) with a clear list of what you've done (read more about [pull requests](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/)). Please follow coding conventions (below) and ensure all commits are atomic (one feature per commit.)

Always write a clear log message for your commits. One line messages are fine for small changes, but bigger changes should look like this:

    $ git commit -m 'A brief summary of the commit
    > 
    > A paragraph describing what changed and its impact.'

#### **Did you remember to properly sanitise contents?**

Files generated by scientific and electronic design automation software often stores paths, usernames, passwords, and secrets in hard to see locations. Open all files submitted in a text editor and search for things that don't belong.

#### **Do you intend to add a new feature or change an existing one?**

* Suggest your change in the [Monero hardware IRC channel](irc://chat.freenode.net/monero-hardware/) and start editing.

* Don't report a bug (for tracking the feature) until you have collected positive feedback about the change.

## Coding conventions

Start reading our code and you'll get the hang of it. Please optimize for readability.

  * Avoid tab characters
  * Indent using four spaces
  * Put spaces after list items and method parameters (`[1, 2, 3]`, not `[1,2,3]`)
  * Put spaces around operators (`x += 1`, not `x+=1`), and around hash arrows
  * This is open source hardware. Consider the people who will review your design code, and make it look nice for them. It's like driving a car: You like doing donuts when alone, but with passengers make the ride as smooth as possible.

Sekura welcomes new project members. Pitch in and [join the team](https://taiga.getmonero.org/project/michael-rfc-hwallet-1-implementation/) by clicking _Contact the project_.

Thanks!

Sekura Team
